c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\ScanningDoc.exe
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\ScanningDoc.pdb
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\DevExpress.BonusSkins.v17.1.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.xml
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.xml
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.xml
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.xml
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.xml
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.xml
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.xml
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.xml
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.xml
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.xml
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.xml
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.xml
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.xml
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\obj\Debug\ScanningDoc.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\obj\Debug\ScanningDoc.frmMain.resources
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\obj\Debug\ScanningDoc.frmSetting.resources
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\obj\Debug\ScanningDoc.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\obj\Debug\ScanningDoc.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\obj\Debug\ScanningDoc.exe.licenses
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\obj\Debug\ScanningDoc.exe
c:\users\rumit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\obj\Debug\ScanningDoc.pdb
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ScanningDoc\ScanningDoc\obj\Debug\ScanningDoc.frmProcessing.resources
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\ScanningDoc.exe
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\ScanningDoc.pdb
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\DevExpress.BonusSkins.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\obj\Debug\ScanningDoc.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\obj\Debug\ScanningDoc.frmMain.resources
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\obj\Debug\ScanningDoc.frmProcessing.resources
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\obj\Debug\ScanningDoc.frmSetting.resources
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\obj\Debug\ScanningDoc.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\obj\Debug\ScanningDoc.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\obj\Debug\ScanningDoc.exe.licenses
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\obj\Debug\ScanningDoc.exe
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\obj\Debug\ScanningDoc.pdb
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\obj\Debug\ScanningDoc.frmAdvancedSetting.resources
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\SautinSoft.PdfFocus.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\Tesseract.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\SautinSoft.PdfFocus.xml
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\Tesseract.xml
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\x64\liblept1742.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\x64\libtesseract3051.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\x86\liblept1742.dll
C:\Users\RumIT\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\scanningdoc-tesseract-orc\bin\Debug\x86\libtesseract3051.dll
